Add cat gif. Fixes #1 (#2)
eddieantonio/my-first-repo: README.md

# Hello!

This is my _first_ repo!

> ![A cat ticky tacking on a laptop](./cat-laptop.gif)

Author: This is nice. But I don't like the term "ticky tacking" what even is that?

```suggestion
![A cat typing on a laptop](./cat-laptop.gif)
```
